There's an old nonsense song called the Old Carrion Crow.
From 2000 to 2003 the world's best wooden roller coaster was called The Raven.
The average raven has a four-foot wingspan.
The average crow has a three-foot wingspan.
Crows and ravens are members of the corvid family, the most adaptable and intelligent family of birds in the world.
Crows and ravens can mimic sounds and associate sounds with events.
Crows roost in flocks of several thousand in the winter. 
Crows are omnivorous, making them capable scavangers and opportunistic hunters.
Crows prefer coniferous trees to build their homes at least 60 feet above the ground.
Paired males and females share in the raising of the four to six eggs.
One crow baby will frequently remain in the nest to assist in the caring for the next nestlings.
While crows have a reputation for eating corn, they often eat the bugs that plague crops.
Crows and ravens are territorial when young are in the nest, dive-bombing passersby.
The Sioux have a story of a white crow warning buffalo of approaching hunting parties. The bird turned black when a hunter threw it into the fire in rage.
Crows have been hunted and even had bounties placed on them by several governments, including by Kings of England.
Crows can use a number of calls to communicate situations and emotions.
Crows mate for life and share the care of nestlings.
Crows are often challenged by larger hunting birds, like owls and hawks; they use superior numbers when outmatched.
Crows only migrate long distances in harsh winters.
A group of crows or ravens is called a murder.
Crows live everywhere except Antarctica.
Crows are susceptible to West Nile Virus, which has felled many of them since 1999. 
Crows' association with death comes from their scavenger natures -- they are often seen near the dead on battlefields.
Ravens are acrobatic fliers on par with hawks and falcons. In mating season, they put on acrobatic shows for potential mates.
Native Americans often honor ravens in their stories for their playful nature.
Ravens hunt in groups to bring down prey too large for a single bird.
Ravens range from the Arctic to the Mediterranean, building large stick nests.
Ravens have an average wild lifespan of 13 years.
Common ravens range from 24 to 30 inches long with up to a 5 foot (1.5m) wingspan, weighing in at 2.3 pounds.
Legend has it that if ravens leave the Tower of London, the fortress will fall and the British kingdom along with it.
Ravens are the largest passerine (perching) birds in North America.
Ravens can live up to 40 years in captivity or protected conditions.
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/Krummi_1.jpg
Ravens have one of the largest bills of perching birds.
Common ravens have quarrelsome family lives, but they are extremely devoted to their families.
Common ravens (Corvus corax) store food, hiding it from other ravens.
A group of ravens is commonly called a flock.
Ravens don't migrate except in the harshest winters.
In addition to their bills, ravens may drop rocks as weapons.
Young ravens are fascinated with all things new, but older ravens become more cautious and neophobic with experience.
Ravens are known to play, sliding down snowdrifts for fun and play games with wolves and other animals.
Ravens are one of only a few species known to make toys, breaking off branches for social play.
The raven is the national bird of Bhutan and the official bird of the Yukon.
The raven was the first bird sent forth by Noah but didn't return until the flood waters receded.
Ravens feed the prophet Elijah in 1 Kings 17:1 and are a subject of a parable in Luke 12:24, as a sign for man not to be materialistic.
The Native Americans saw the Raven as a creator and world-shaper.
Native American mythology holds that Raven brought the sun, moon, stars, and fire into the world.
The Norse god Odin had two ravens Huginn and Muninn (Thought and Mind) to serve as his eyes in the world.
The raven is the symbol of the Celtic figure Morrigan and the namesake of Lugh, the god responsible for creating arts and science.
The raven appears in the Quran but once, only to teach man to bury the dead in the story of Cain and Abel.
GI_Auditore finds Mutated Ravens in Prototype 2 extremely annoying.
Lost_Fragment will lose in a fight with TheRaven.
